# BetterWhitelist
A Minecraft Spigot plugin for better whitelist

## Introduction
This plugin is fairly simple. It implements its own whitelist as opposed
to vanilla one. The usage of this plugin is aimed for offline mode servers
that for some reason want to use whitelist feature to allow only certain
players to be able to join the server. This plugin is still under development,
please be patient for new releases

## First thoughts
I'll see how it works, but this is my idea: If the server is in online mode,
the plugin will generate two UUIDs - an online UUID and an offline UUID.
The online UUID will be simply generated by looking it up in Mojang's database,
the offline UUID will be generated from the player name. If the server is
in online mode, whitelist will refuse to add players that are not valid Mojang
users. The offline UUID generation is convenient if you need to switch server
into offline mode - rather than having to generate all UUIDs again for offline
mode, it will do it straight away. If the server runs in offline mode, the
whitelist will only generate offline UUIDs for any given player name.

### Command
The whitelist command for this plugin is /betterwhitelist, or /bw. You can
turn it off or on by setting /bw off or /bw on (default is off), and you
can add and remove players from the whitelist with /bw add player and
/bw remove player respectively.

### Disclaimer
These informations are first thoughts on how the plugin might work, the end
product may work slightly differently. However, I can still assure you that
this plugin will have core function similar to the described one. This page
will be edited accordingly to new findings.

## Recommendations
Once first versions of this plugin are released, I'd suggest you to disable
the vanilla whitelist in case you want to give this plugin a shot. Otherwise
your players might not be able to join. I also recommend you to use this
plugin in conjunction with an auth plugin to ensure your players will have
their server accounts at least somehow protected, and optionally also use
a skin restorer plugin if your auth plugin doesn't have an option for premium
access (original game buyers).
